We've already seen overloaded constructor's in the ID but let's see a few more examples.
Classes can have as many constructors as necessary.
The only restriction is that they must each have a unique signature.
The compiler has to be able to determine which to call based on the initialization information provided
when creating the objects.
If there's any ambiguity in the compiler won't guess it will generate a compiler error.
Remember once you declare any constructor then the compiler generated default constructor will no longer
be provided.
Here's the player class again and we've decided that we need three constructors.
The first is in no args constructor.
The second only expects a single string object and the third expects a string and two integers.
Obviously the signatures for these constructors are different so the compiler can tell them apart.
We could have more constructors depending on our class design.
Now let's implement these constructors in the first example.
We're implementing the no args constructor to initialize the object to name none.
Health 0 and XP 0 the values we initialized to are totally dependent on what we want are objects in
the game to look like when no initialization information is provided.
It's important that we initialize or objects to some state that we know we don't want garbage data in
any of the attributes after they're created in the second constructor.
We only have the name parameter provided so we set the name attribute to name Val and then the health
and Expwy to zero.
If we don't initialize health and Expwy will contain garbage and that leaves the object in an unknown
state.
Finally the third constructor is given initialization values for all three attributes.
So we initialize name to name Val health to health Vau and XP to XP Val.
Now we have three ways to create player objects.
In this case the empty object will be initialized by the no args constructor and it will contain none
zero and zero hero and villain will be initialized with the constructor that expects a single string
object and there will be initialized to hero 0 0 and villaine 0 0 0 respectively.
The Frank object will be initialized by the three args constructor and it will contain Frank 104 and
finally the enemy object will be created dynamically on the heap and initialized by the three args constructor
to enemy 1 0 0 0 0 0 and 0.
As you can see overloading constructors is a super powerful way to provide many useful initialization
options for your classes.
Also Best practice is to initialize all class attributes so that create an object do not contain any
garbage data.